[Music]
the episode begins with the events
unfolding of the church a monk and a nun
open a body bag revealing the dead body
of a young girl named eva you assume
she's in hell it wouldn't matter
she was in hell already
a group of nuns comes with an injured
nun sister shannon who is the warrior
nun
how bad is it
the divinium shrapnels have pierced
through her organs she succumbs to her
injuries and the sisters were left with
no choice but to extract the halo from
her body
the armed mercenaries have located them
and they are under attack the nun
managed to secure the halo by putting it
on the dead body
eva is resurrected by the powers of the
halo and she finds that she can now walk
and is no longer a type of legend
with her newfound ability to walk she
explores the city
maybe this is what going crazy feels
like
she got hit by a van and seemingly
passes through a wall her broken leg
healed pretty quickly in front of her
eva sneaks back to the orphanage and
gets inside a room her roommate diego
was surprised by the fact that she is
alive i think so
you're walking
you're walking father vincent and the
nuns of the church discover eva's body
missing it's safe
here
father vincent looks for her in the
orphanage and collects details about her
how did ever die
later eva jumps into a pool not
realizing that she cannot swim she is
saved by jc
he introduces her to his buddies who are
squatting at a mansion
hey
hello
later they went to a nightclub to chill
out
[Applause]
eva saw a red smokey thing and follows
it
it was an ethereal monster she flees
when it sees her
in the end the carriage from health
enters the chapel looking for the holy
relic and is angry when it found that
the halo has already been taken out of
sister's body